make[1]: Entering directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
Cleaning up . . . . .
 . . . clean done
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:65: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:66: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.AssemblyType;
                     ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:70: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultBaciProperty;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:71: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultComponent;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:72: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultMonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:73: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:74: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:75: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorDataId;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:76: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:77: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPointDatatype;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPointDatatype
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:995: error: cannot find symbol
	private AssemblyType getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(String assemblyTypeName,
	        ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1011: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultComponent getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1027: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultBaciProperty getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1039: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultMonitorPoint getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1052: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType, Integer hwConfigId,
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1051: error: cannot find symbol
	private Assembly persistNewAssembly(EntityManager entityManager,
	        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1076: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:32: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:36: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:37: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:40: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			                        ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		                   ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:779: error: cannot find symbol
				if (identifier instanceof MonitorData) {
				                          ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:869: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType = getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(assemblyTypeName, entityManager);
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:870: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly newAssembly = persistNewAssembly(entityManager, assemblyType, monitorCharacteristicIDs.getHwConfigurationId(), inData);
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:951: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultComponent defaultComponent = getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(entityManager, assemblyTypeName);
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:952: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:954: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		                             ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		                                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		                               ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		                                ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1092: error: cannot find symbol
		monitorPoint.setDataType(MonitorPointDatatype.valueOfForEnum(defaultMonitorPoint.getDataType().toString()));
		                         ^
  symbol:   variable MonitorPointDatatype
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:162: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer baciPropertyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPoints.get(0))
			                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:229: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer assemblyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPointList.get(0))
			                       ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:272: error: cannot find symbol
				allSerialNumberArrayList.add(((Assembly) assembly)
				                               ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:169: error: cannot find symbol
			String sampleClob = ((MonitorData) clob).getMonitorClob();
			                      ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class TimeValuePagerImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
66 errors
make[2]: *** [/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
make[2]: Target `do_all_aux' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: *** [do_all] Error 2
make[1]: Target `all' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
TMCDB/DAO/src COMPILATION TIME 0:12.23
### ==> FAILED all ! 
make[1]: Entering directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
...other files
	../lib/activemq-core-5.4.3.jar
	../lib/geronimo-j2ee-management_1.1_spec-1.0.1.jar

 Copying current files 
        from: /home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src
          to: /alma/ACS-FEB2017/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/src
        from: /home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/include
          to: /alma/ACS-FEB2017/ACSSW/Sources/DAO/include
                                               . . . done 

.....java:
installing jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer
== Making Jarfile TMCDBDAOLayer.jar
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:65: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:66: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.AssemblyType;
                     ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:70: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultBaciProperty;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:71: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultComponent;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:72: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.DefaultMonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:73: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:74: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:75: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorDataId;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:76: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:77: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPointDatatype;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPointDatatype
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:995: error: cannot find symbol
	private AssemblyType getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(String assemblyTypeName,
	        ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1011: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultComponent getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1027: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultBaciProperty getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1039: error: cannot find symbol
	private DefaultMonitorPoint getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(
	        ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1052: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType, Integer hwConfigId,
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1051: error: cannot find symbol
	private Assembly persistNewAssembly(EntityManager entityManager,
	        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1076: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:32: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.Assembly;
                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:36: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.HWConfiguration;
                     ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:37: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorPoint;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:40: error: cannot find symbol
import alma.acs.tmcdb.MonitorData;
                     ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: package alma.acs.tmcdb
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:355: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration conf = (HWConfiguration) query.getSingleResult();
			                        ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:372: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query.getSingleResult();
		                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:414: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint mp = (MonitorPoint) query.getSingleResult();
		                   ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:779: error: cannot find symbol
				if (identifier instanceof MonitorData) {
				                          ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:780: error: cannot find symbol
					MonitorData monitorData = (MonitorData) identifier;
					                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:869: error: cannot find symbol
			AssemblyType assemblyType = getAssemblyTypeByLikeAssemblyCode(assemblyTypeName, entityManager);
			^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:870: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly newAssembly = persistNewAssembly(entityManager, assemblyType, monitorCharacteristicIDs.getHwConfigurationId(), inData);
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:951: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultComponent defaultComponent = getDefaultComponentByLikeAssemblyTypeName(entityManager, assemblyTypeName);
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:952: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = getDefaultBACIPropertyByDefaultComponentIdAndPropertyName(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:954: error: cannot find symbol
			DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = getDefaultMonitorPointByDefaultBACIPropId(entityManager,
			^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1001: error: cannot find symbol
		AssemblyType assemblyType = (AssemblyType) query.getSingleResult();
		                             ^
  symbol:   class AssemblyType
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1017: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultComponent defaultComponent = (DefaultComponent) query.getSingleResult();
		                                     ^
  symbol:   class DefaultComponent
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1034: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultBaciProperty defaultBACIProperty = (DefaultBaciProperty) baciQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultBaciProperty
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1046: error: cannot find symbol
		DefaultMonitorPoint defaultMonitorPoint = (DefaultMonitorPoint) monitorQuery.getSingleResult();
		                                           ^
  symbol:   class DefaultMonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1056: error: cannot find symbol
		HWConfiguration hwConfig = new HWConfiguration();
		                               ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1059: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1084: error: cannot find symbol
		Assembly assembly = new Assembly();
		                        ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1087: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorPoint monitorPoint = new MonitorPoint();
		                                ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1092: error: cannot find symbol
		monitorPoint.setDataType(MonitorPointDatatype.valueOfForEnum(defaultMonitorPoint.getDataType().toString()));
		                         ^
  symbol:   variable MonitorPointDatatype
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1115: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorData monitorData = new MonitorData();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/MonitorDAOImpl.java:1117: error: cannot find symbol
		MonitorDataId monDataId = new MonitorDataId();
		                              ^
  symbol:   class MonitorDataId
  location: class MonitorDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:153: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query1.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:162: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer baciPropertyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPoints.get(0))
			                           ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:204: error: cannot find symbol
			HWConfiguration hwConf = (HWConfiguration) query0.getSingleResult();
			                          ^
  symbol:   class HWConfiguration
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:229: error: cannot find symbol
			Integer assemblyId = ((MonitorPoint) monitorPointList.get(0))
			                       ^
  symbol:   class MonitorPoint
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:237: error: cannot find symbol
			Assembly assembly = (Assembly) query4.getSingleResult();
			                     ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/QueryDAOImpl.java:272: error: cannot find symbol
				allSerialNumberArrayList.add(((Assembly) assembly)
				                               ^
  symbol:   class Assembly
  location: class QueryDAOImpl
alma/archive/tmcdb/DAO/queries/TimeValuePagerImpl.java:169: error: cannot find symbol
			String sampleClob = ((MonitorData) clob).getMonitorClob();
			                      ^
  symbol:   class MonitorData
  location: class TimeValuePagerImpl
Note: Some input files use unchecked or unsafe operations.
Note: Recompile with -Xlint:unchecked for details.
66 errors
make[1]: *** [/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src/../lib/TMCDBDAOLayer.jar] Error 1
.....exe:
make[1]: Target `install' not remade because of errors.
make[1]: Leaving directory `/home/almamgr/Desktop/archive/TMCDB/DAO/src'
### ==> FAILED install ! 
